This file will outline organization details of this application and practices we are using to maintain legibility of this code base.

Component Naming:
    In order to maintain homogeneity across the code our component naming format will just be a suitable name for a component that is not already used
    and should the name be multiple words, a '-' will seperate them.

Component Groupings:
    Components are grouped into the categories based on the webpage they will be used for. Each xxx-files folder will contain the components necessary
    for the xxx page on our website. It will also contain the component that handles viewing xxx page that our routing module file will point to. This
    will increase the legibility of our code due to not having so many files in our app folder.

Modules:
    Whenever we want to use a library that demands using many imports, we will create a new module.ts folder with the libraries name as the first line. 
    E.g. library.module.ts. We will add all necessary imports and exports into this module which we will then call from our app.module.ts folder. The
    purpose of this is to further reduce the number of imports in our app.module.ts and increase legibility of code.

Index.ts:
    Each folder containing components contains an index.ts file that exports the components in that folder. The purpose of this is to make the imports
    in our app.module.ts more legible as similar components will all be imported on the same line. Whenever a component is added into any of the webpage
    files, the export is added to the index.ts file and the import is added to the appropriate line on app.module.ts. This reduces the number of lines
    imports take up in our app.module.ts and increases the legibility of our code.

Misc Components:
    For now miscellaneous components that may belong in multiple folders will be left in the app folder, should too many accumulate consider grouping them 
    into some miscellaneous files folder.

This file is not 100% accurate and exemptions may apply when proper practice goes against the current organization format we have layed out.
They may be listed below:
